October 26 - November 14 between 12pm and 7pm EST



==============================
In 150 characters or fewer, tell us what makes you unique. Try to be creative and say something that will catch our eye!

I've worked 3 years as a consultant, leading a team of developers to design a suite of web applications for Rowan University's Engineering Department.

==============================
What was a challenging technical bug or issue you encountered that was
challenging to resolve? How did you root-cause the problem and what was the
solution?

One challenging technical bug that I experienced was on Rowan's Robotics and
Automation Society team on our fully-autonomous drone project. We had spent two
years designing a custom 30-inch quadcopter for the international
AUVSI SUAS competition. Weeks before the competition, we had successfully
completed hours of autonomous take off, navigating, and landing tests and
passed all flight requirements to qualify for the competition. However, at the
competition, our drone took off at a 15 degree angle, hovered a foot off the
ground and attempted to stabilize itself for 10 seconds, and then flipped upside
down and crashed hard into the pavement. Soon after our crash, we tried to diagnose what happened.
We couldn't find anything wrong at first, everything was the same as it was the
week before, there were no obvious electrical shorts or mechanical issues and we
hadn't touched the flight controller's firmware. After several hours, it turned
out that while we had calibrated the drone's gyroscope and horizontal level, we
didn't calibrate the compass. All of our test flights were in our practice field
in New Jersey and we hadn't needed to recalibrate the flight controller's
compass during our test flights, but our competition was in Maryland and the
difference in location had skewed the compass which caused the gyro to be off
even though it reported to be calibrated. Once we calibrated the compass, the
problem was fixed and the drone could fly level again.
